# <center> Tiny Python Projects 
## <center> _Author: Zhu Lei (Vincent)_ 

### 1. Guessing game

In this game, you have to guess the secret words letter by letter.
If you guess a letter wrong, you will lose your life.
Just like the name of the game, you need to choose the letters carefully, because your life is very limited.

### 2. Alarm clock

Alarm clock is a kind of clock that can be activated at a preset time to ring, which is used to wake up workers.
Use the datetime module in Python to create an alarm clock, and use the playsound Library in Python to play the alarm clock sound.

### 3. Dice simulator

You can complete the dice simulation by selecting a random integer between 1 and 6.

### 4. QR code

QR code is a method used to encode and decode data into machine readable.
It contains a black square grid on a white background, which can be read by any imaging device (such as a mobile phone) and processed to extract the required data from the pattern.

### 5. Encryption and decryption

Cryptography means changing the text of your message so that people who don't know your secret will never understand your message.
Now let's create a GUI application that uses Python to encrypt and decrypt.
Here, we need to write code that uses infinite loops. The code will constantly ask the user whether to encrypt or decrypt messages.

### 6. URL shortening

Short websites are very popular in the field of digital marketing because they are easy to remember and input.
Here is how to use Python to create URL shorteners.

### 7. music player 

Music player allows you to quickly and easily manage and listen to all music files.
Many friends should have used it, such as Netease cloud music, QQ music, cool dog music, etc.
Here, little f will use pyGame and Tkinter to create a music player.

### 8. Life Game

Life game, designed by British mathematician John H. Conway, is a game similar to the rise and fall and alternation of biological society.
The game uses rectangular grids of infinite size, each of which is empty or occupied by organisms. Occupied cells are alive, while empty cells are dead.
The game is played in a specific period of time, and each round will create a new generation according to the arrangement of organisms in the current configuration.
The state of the next generation grid is determined by applying the following four basic rules to each grid currently configured:
  If a cell is still alive and has two or three living neighbors, the cell is still alive in the next generation;
  A living cell with no or only one living neighbor will die of isolation in the next generation;
  The living cells of four or more living neighbors will die due to the overpopulation of the next generation;
  A dead cell with only three living neighbors will lead to birth and survival in the next generation;

### 9. Turtle drawing

The turtle module provides an environment for moving on a two-dimensional plane.
Turtle can realize position, heading and various possible states and actions.

### 10. Calculator

Kivy is a free open source Python library that allows you to quickly and easily develop highly interactive cross platform applications.
Here I will use the Kivy package in Python to build a calculator GUI.

### 11. Guessing game

The purpose of the number guessing game is to guess the numbers that the program comes up with. The basic logic is:
  The program randomly selects a number between 1 and 100 or any other combination of numbers;
  Then it will ask the player to input its suggestions;
  Then it will check whether the number is the same as the number randomly generated by the computer; If yes, the player wins;
  If the player's guess is different, it will check whether the number is higher or lower than the guess and tell the player.

### 12. Image converter

We know that there are a large number of image file formats that can be used to store graphics data, and the most popular are JPG and PNG.
Use the Tkinter library and PIL Library in Python to create an application that converts PNG images into jpg.

### 13. Weight converter

Weight conversion refers to multiplying the unit value by the standard conversion value.
Create a weight converter application using the Tkinter Library in Python.

### 14. Age and gender testing

Using python programming language takes you to complete the task of using machine learning to detect age and gender.
First of all, we need to write the code for face detection, because without face detection, we will not be able to further complete the task of age and gender prediction.
The next step is to predict the gender of the person in the image. Here, I load the gender network into memory, and transmit the detected faces through the network for gender detection tasks.
The next task is to predict the age of humans in the image. Here I will load the network and use forward delivery to get the output. Because the network architecture is similar to the gender network, we can make full use of the expected age group of all output acquisition tasks to detect age.

### 15. Face detection

Building a face detection program is a good way to start machine learning computer vision tasks.
Use Python's opencv library for face detection.

### 16. Pencil sketch

Use less than 20 lines of Python code to convert images into pencil sketches.

### 17. Text editor

Use Python to create a text editor GUI that can create, open, edit, and save text files.
All widgets should be arranged so that the Button widget is on the left side of the window layout and the text box widget is on the right side.

### 18. Image segmentation

Image segmentation is one of the key processes to divide digital images into a group of pixels in machine vision applications.
Look at the pictures below. Candy is arranged in a specific order to form a word.

### 19. Analog clock

Use Tkinter to make a simple analog clock GUI application.


